Add Dictionaries/README.md (#76331)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: src/Dictionaries/README.md

    Handles loading data from external sources. Key methods: `loadAll()`, `loadIds()`, etc.

    Sources are implemented in files like:

    - `ClickHouseDictionarySource.h`
    - `MySQLDictionarySource.h`
    - `PostgreSQLDictionarySource.h`
    - `HTTPDictionarySource.h`
    - etc.

1. `DictionaryStructure.h` - Describes dictionary schema/configuration

    Attributes, keys, lifetime settings etc.

1. Dictionary implementations and sources are registered using singleton factories (`DictionaryFactory.h/.cpp` and `DictionarySourceFactory.h/.cpp`), with individual factory methods defined in separate `register*.cpp` files containing registration methods for specific dictionary types.

## Implementation Notes

Template specializations are extensively used to implement specialized dictionary classes based on key types (using `DictionaryKeyType` where `Simple` represents `UInt64` keys and `Complex` is used for other or composite keys). Some dictionary implementations also have specializations for particular attribute types, allowing optimized implementations for different data combinations.

## References in other parts of the codebase

> Dictionary are reloaded using loader defineds in `Interpreters/ExternalLoader.h` and `/src/Interpreters/ExternalDictionariesLoader.h` registered in the `Context`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dictionary are reloaded using loaders defined in `Interpreters/ExternalLoader.h` and `/src/Interpreters/ExternalDictionariesLoader.h` registered in the `Context`.
```
